Kira's Cafe has regular coffee and decaffeinated coffee. This morning, the cafe served 13 regular coffees and 39 decaffeinated coffees. What percentage of the coffees served were regular?
Kira's Cafe has regular coffee and decaffeinated coffee. This morning, the cafe served 13 regular coffees and 39 decaffeinated coffees. What percentage of the coffees served were regular?

At Ryan's Pancake House there are 44 dirty coffee mugs and 11 clean coffee mugs. What percentage of the coffee mugs at the pancake house are dirty?
At Tara's Pancake House there are 21 dirty coffee mugs and 49 clean coffee mugs. What percentage of the coffee mugs at the pancake house are dirty?

The local water slides have 90 employees, of which 20% are temporary. How many temporary employees are there?
The local water slides have 10 employees, of which 10% are temporary. How many temporary employees are there?

At Vera's Beading Boutique, 80% of the 20 beads on clearance are plastic. How many plastic beads are there on clearance?
At Vera's Beading Boutique, 10% of the 80 beads on clearance are plastic. How many plastic beads are there on clearance?

Carter's Diner offers its clients a choice of regular and diet soda. Last night, the diner served 25 sodas in all, 60% of which were regular. How many regular sodas did the diner serve?
Austin's Diner offers its clients a choice of regular and diet soda. Last night, the diner served 50 sodas in all, 20% of which were regular. How many regular sodas did the diner serve?

Jenna bought cupcakes for her sister's birthday party. 90% of the 60 cupcakes had sprinkles on top. How many cupcakes had sprinkles?
Wendy bought cupcakes for her sister's birthday party. 80% of the 90 cupcakes had sprinkles on top. How many cupcakes had sprinkles?

Tara has a new beaded necklace. 20% of the 65 beads on Tara's necklace are blue. How many blue beads are there on Tara's necklace?
Rita has a new beaded necklace. 20% of the 35 beads on Rita's necklace are blue. How many blue beads are there on Rita's necklace?

The city council voted on a new tax. The council has 40 members and 70% of the council members voted in favor of the new tax. How many members voted in favor of the tax?
The city council voted on a new tax. The council has 60 members and 60% of the council members voted in favor of the new tax. How many members voted in favor of the tax?

Last night, the two dinner specials at Owen's favorite restaurant were salmon filet and steak. The restaurant served 84 specials in all, 25% of which were salmon filets. How many salmon filets did the restaurant serve?
Last night, the two dinner specials at Anne's favorite restaurant were salmon filet and steak. The restaurant served 15 specials in all, 40% of which were salmon filets. How many salmon filets did the restaurant serve?

40% of the tickets sold at a water park were child tickets. If the park sold 95 tickets in all, how many child tickets did it sell?
25% of the tickets sold at a water park were child tickets. If the park sold 84 tickets in all, how many child tickets did it sell?

40% of the tickets sold at a water park were child tickets. If the park sold 95 tickets in all, how many child tickets did it sell?
60% of the tickets sold at a water park were child tickets. If the park sold 80 tickets in all, how many child tickets did it sell?

A school staff meeting had 56 teachers in attendance, 50% of whom were first-year teachers. How many first-year teachers were in the meeting?
A school staff meeting had 56 teachers in attendance, 75% of whom were first-year teachers. How many first-year teachers were in the meeting?

At the sewing store, Jane bought a bag of mixed buttons. The bag included 70 buttons, of which 90% were large. How many large buttons did Jane get?
At the sewing store, Gwen bought a bag of mixed buttons. The bag included 35 buttons, of which 60% were large. How many large buttons did Gwen get?

Mimi took a math quiz last week. There were 72 problems on the quiz and Mimi answered 75% of them correctly. How many problems did Mimi get correct?
Andy took a math quiz last week. There were 52 problems on the quiz and Andy answered 75% of them correctly. How many problems did Andy get correct?

In order to select new board members, the French club held an election. 90% of the 30 members of the club voted. How many members voted?
In order to select new board members, the French club held an election. 20% of the 15 members of the club voted. How many members voted?

In order to select new board members, the French club held an election. 90% of the 30 members of the club voted. How many members voted?
In order to select new board members, the French club held an election. 75% of the 64 members of the club voted. How many members voted?

A bookstore carries 44 magazines. 25% of the magazines are women's magazines. How many women's magazines does the bookstore carry?
A bookstore carries 40 magazines. 40% of the magazines are women's magazines. How many women's magazines does the bookstore carry?

A bookstore carries 44 magazines. 25% of the magazines are women's magazines. How many women's magazines does the bookstore carry?
A bookstore carries 30 magazines. 90% of the magazines are women's magazines. How many women's magazines does the bookstore carry?

A bookstore carries 44 magazines. 25% of the magazines are women's magazines. How many women's magazines does the bookstore carry?
A bookstore carries 30 magazines. 80% of the magazines are women's magazines. How many women's magazines does the bookstore carry?

The art club had an election to select a president. 80% of the 45 members of the club voted in the election. How many members voted?
The art club had an election to select a president. 25% of the 96 members of the club voted in the election. How many members voted?

At Shawna's Hats, 50% of the 98 hats are baseball caps. How many baseball caps are there?
At Johnny's Hats, 25% of the 92 hats are baseball caps. How many baseball caps are there?

An arborist examined trees in an orchard to see if they were infected with a virus. Out of 70 trees, 10% had the virus. How many trees were infected with the virus?
An arborist examined trees in an orchard to see if they were infected with a virus. Out of 60 trees, 70% had the virus. How many trees were infected with the virus?

The supermarket has 24 aisles. 25% are empty, without any shoppers. How many empty aisles are there in the supermarket?
The supermarket has 20 aisles. 10% are empty, without any shoppers. How many empty aisles are there in the supermarket?

25% of the tickets sold at an amusement park were discount tickets. If the park sold 68 tickets in all, how many discount tickets did it sell?
25% of the tickets sold at an amusement park were discount tickets. If the park sold 36 tickets in all, how many discount tickets did it sell?

25% of the tickets sold at an amusement park were discount tickets. If the park sold 68 tickets in all, how many discount tickets did it sell?
75% of the tickets sold at an amusement park were discount tickets. If the park sold 68 tickets in all, how many discount tickets did it sell?

There are 70 seats on a train. 80% of the seats are empty. How many empty seats are there on the train?
There are 78 seats on a train. 50% of the seats are empty. How many empty seats are there on the train?

There are 70 seats on a train. 80% of the seats are empty. How many empty seats are there on the train?
There are 60 seats on a train. 90% of the seats are empty. How many empty seats are there on the train?

Alexa's Cafe has regular coffee and decaffeinated coffee. This morning, the cafe served 96 coffees in all, 25% of which were regular. How many regular coffees did the cafe serve?
Vince's Cafe has regular coffee and decaffeinated coffee. This morning, the cafe served 46 coffees in all, 50% of which were regular. How many regular coffees did the cafe serve?

Vincent's Diner sold 88 milkshakes last week. 25% of the milkshakes had whipped cream on top. How many milkshakes with whipped cream were sold?
Garrett's Diner sold 32 milkshakes last week. 25% of the milkshakes had whipped cream on top. How many milkshakes with whipped cream were sold?

After a month of successful fundraising, Sarah and her classmates voted on whether to donate the money they had raised to hunger relief or to environmental causes. 10% of the 30 votes were in favor of hunger relief. How many votes were for hunger relief?
After a month of successful fundraising, Ruben and his classmates voted on whether to donate the money they had raised to hunger relief or to environmental causes. 90% of the 30 votes were in favor of hunger relief. How many votes were for hunger relief?

Allen's town voted on a new speed limit. Out of 72 votes, 18 were in favor of the new speed limit. What percentage of the votes were in favor of the new speed limit?
Pedro's town voted on a new speed limit. Out of 62 votes, 31 were in favor of the new speed limit. What percentage of the votes were in favor of the new speed limit?

50% of the tickets sold at a school carnival were early-admission tickets. If the school sold 20 tickets in all, how many early-admission tickets did it sell?
50% of the tickets sold at a school carnival were early-admission tickets. If the school sold 44 tickets in all, how many early-admission tickets did it sell?

